---
title: Sponsoring
---

We're a group of open-source software developers. We work on
Liblouis, an open-source braille translation library for a large
number of languages and braille codes, written in C. It is used in
many products and if you're a braille user, odds are you have come
across braille that was produced by Liblouis.

## Why sponsor?

Liblouis is an important piece of software for a lot of products, but
its development relies heavily on volunteer work, and our time is
limited. Most of us have regular day jobs and try to work on Liblouis
in our [20% project](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/20%25_Project) or
in our spare time.

Your sponsorship will support us in our work maintaining
Liblouis. With the extra revenue we can afford to invest more time in
the project than we would otherwise. Your funds will also be spent on
issue bounties as a way to reward other Liblouis contributors.

If you use Liblouis in your daily routine and it makes your life
easier, you can show your appreciation by giving us a small tip. If
you run a business or non-profit that benefits from Liblouis, consider
sponsoring us a bit more generously to guarantee Liblouis stays
healthy and actively maintained.

## How to sponsor?

If you would like to support us in our efforts to move Liblouis
forward use the Sponsor button on the [Github
page](https://github.com/liblouis/liblouis). These are the options:

- You can [sponsor us through
  Github](https://github.com/sponsors/bertfrees). Sponsorship
  lasts only as long as you wish and you can cancel anytime. So if you
  want to do a one-time donation, you can.
- Also consider [funding a Github issue of your choice through
  IssueHunt](https://issuehunt.io/r/liblouis/liblouis/issues). This
  has the additional benefit that possibly more developers are
  attracted.

## Specific engagements

Finally, you may also hire [Bert Frees](https://github.com/bertfrees)
to do a specific job. Get in touch and we'll try to work something
out.
